With tensions rising over the protracted suspension of the National Assembly..
It’ll be decided after tomorrow’s ruling-opposition summit. What a pathetic bunch..
Have they no shame in wasting taxpayers’ money? The proposed presidential pardon is stirring things up.
How come it’s in the papers before anything’s even been decided?
“If I win, I’ll make all the donations”. I don’t have long left in my tenure. Do I have to attend all these events?
Would you look at that? A President marking lottery numbers.. Pathetic! I’ll make a note of that, sir. President Kim wished success in hosting the World Cup and for happiness of fellow Koreans.. This is good. I made it spicier than usual. I thought you had a quite a few drinks at dinner last night. Russians love a drink, don’t they? Maybe this is why they tried to change the law. To enjoy the tasty foods for longer. Dictators must have had the best chefs.
Do they expect me to do their job for the entire year? Cha is not an easy man. It won’t hurt to be prepared.
What’s on tonight’s agenda? The presidential pardon, sir. We advise you to reconsider.
personal forgiveness. The nation and our recent history isn’t ready to forgive them. Moreover, there is the outstanding issue of an unaccounted-for slush fund. The public sentiment remains strong. You might take the fall for your generosity. What are your thoughts, Minister?
Do you think I’m going over the line, too? I was the chief justice for the case. They were tried as former Presidents and there was huge pressure. But, be it death penalty or life imprisonment. Sentencing them was only possible because the public approved. I believe you should approach this issue from that perspective.
I’m the President of this country. A special pardon is the President’s right under the Constitution. Am I mistaken? No, it’s not unlawful, sir.
What’s all that? I have a big presentation at the seminar. Couldn’t you have gotten a cab? Why spend money on a cab?
This car was given to me for official duty not for picking up husbands. All right, all right..
Take the presidential pardon for instance.. Would it have been possible earlier in his tenure? We’re dancing around the same topic. Let’s not distort his good intentions. -Turn up the volume, please? -Yes, ma’am.
The current President was persecuted by the military government. In other words, he was the biggest victim. Why would he want to do this? To fulfill one of this government’s greatest objectives - to unite the nation. What about the slush fund? Please approach the subject more logically. Please let me speak.. We deeply regret that, too. It’s up to the judiciary bodies to investigate the matter fully. But, how do you expect the justice department to do a proper job when the government is clearly lacking the will. Are you accusing us of undermining the principles of division of powers? In this day and age? What’s the point of convicting and sentencing them to life in prison when they are let off right away? What’s the point of giving them the death penalty, only to free them after a year and a half? It was 2 years. Get your facts right. It was 20 months to be precise!
How have you been, sir? You look more handsome than ever. They’re referring to you as the JFK of Korea.
That must be an exaggeration, surely.
Shall we get a beer? Excuse me? Isn’t it a bit early? Don’t be shy, young man.
Come and sit over here.
Let’s pass this one.
All bills are important. Instead, I’ll let you have this one.. the revised Civil Service Law. We can’t be sloppy with these. It’s urgent, son. We gotta make decisions fast so that people can get on with their lives.
Will you stop calling me “son”?
You know how many times I changed your dirty diapers?
All right, all right. Let’s move on. You have always been so illogical.
E-yeon is coming back from school this year.
So, what? Just letting you know.
She’s well over thirty and still studying?
That’s what I’m talking about.
Are you trying to scare me with a stare? Guard! Did she say that? That I dated her? Your father did! That you were chasing after her. That’s just ridiculous! Study was my only focus. I can get the NIS to look into it. Don’t lie to me. I can’t believe this.
You would use the agency’s service for personal reasons? Do you know what year we’re living in?
That would call for impeachment. Hey. This one.. the Capital Administration Bill. Let me have it. What do you mean let you have it?! I shouldn’t have come by myself.
It went very well. Although we didn’t manage to go over all outstanding bills. But, we had umm.. better results than initially anticipated from the marathon meeting.
Forgive me for telling you this in a letter. found out why my family disapproved of us so ardently. Honey, come and watch this Mimi dies tonight. They still don’t know that they have the same father? They know now.
I’m your host of tonight’s draw, Lucky Bae! We’re coming to you live with the first draw of the World Cup Lottery.. Has the battery run out? We’ll start the draw right away.
Spin the balls! The numbers have to be in the order they appear on your screen. Ladies and gentlemen, the first lucky number is.. 6!
Why your eyes look like mine, why your fingers look like mine, I’ll tell you now. The third number is.. It’s “0”! The fourth lucky number is.. 2! With two numbers remaining.. The fifth lucky number is.. 1!
-And, the last number that will determine tonight’s lucky winner.. My mother who passed away when I was young, is your mother. Who will be the lucky winner of 24.4 billion Won? Mimi, you’re my sister! It’s number “9”!
an ambulance entered the Blue House around 9 o’clock this evening and rushed directly to SNU Hospital. President Kim is reported to have no particular health conditions other than slightly high blood pressure and angina. It is suspected that stress from the marathon meeting earlier may have been the cause. How did it happen? He was watching a soap opera before he collapsed. A soap opera? Why would the President collapse over Mimi finding her father? The President is taking a rest after suffering from dizziness. The 4 leaders of the opposition and ruling party are convening an emergency meeting. Also, the Blue House will proceed with firm countermeasures against any press or individuals who circulate malignant rumors.. The Army will be fully prepared for any potential enemy attacks..
It’s very fortunate that he didn’t suffer a concussion.
..this drama series is so addictive.
We have a car ready for you in the basement car park. It’s crowded with reporters outside.
Thank you. This way, ma’am.
Can you hear me, honey? Honey!
Can you hear me, sir?
He wants his wallet!!!
at 8:30 this morning and asked for his wallet as the first thing. The President opened the wallet with trembling hands and looked at the old photograph of himself and the First Lady in tears, according to an aide present at the scene. President Kim is a true family man who thought of his family first, in the face of imminent death.
We’re lucky to have him as our President.
And, goal!!!!! Korea wins the match! Ladies and gentlemen, tonight’s match, truly an unscripted drama, ends with a spectacular last-minute goal from Ahn!
They told me you stayed up by my bedside. What’s with the fuss? You mustn’t stay out all night being a single dad.
It’s not like I didn’t have a place to crash. I was worried about you.
You owe me a drink.
How come? I collapsed at a perfect time for you. Because of what happened, the public will want a young and healthy President. Give it your best shot in the upcoming election.
You may not have wisdom but you have a good health.
House, 3 billion. Wife.. 2 and for daughter.. 1? Travel.. 0.5.
No.. 1 is more like it. I think it’s best for you to take a few more days off. This might be too much of a strain right now. There’s no need to clear the schedule. I’m good. No need to worry.
It’s a made-to-order model equipped with tons of high-tech devices. About 1 billion Won? Rather pricey.
Will they give it to me when I step down? It’s for the use of the President only. But, you’ll be provided with another vehicle.
They’re being cheap. In that case, I’ll just buy one for myself. Car.. 1 billion.
When is 6 months from now? 6 months from now is.. February. Precisely, it’s two days before the Inauguration ..MUST BE CLAIMED AT THE DESIGNATED BANK WITHIN 6 MONTHS..
If I won the lottery, I would make donations, in fact, I’ll spend it all on my fellow Koreans.
We should have made him change his schedule. Why can’t you take it easy like other retiring Presidents? You’ll end up in the national cemetery before the Inauguration.
For the purpose of improving the national brand of Korea, it’ll be imperative to allocate the extra budget funds and resources required for updating the system.
And, of course..
By providing training programs and educational literature for the tourism sector, and attracting fluent speakers of foreign languages.. Daddy!
Please take a number slip, sir. Well, actually.. I’m here for the lottery.. In any case, take a number slip and wait for your turn, sir. Don’t jump the line, old man! But, I’m here for the lottery.. If you want to buy a lotto ticket, go to a corner shop. In the bank, you should take a slip.. Well, I need help with the vault. If you want to rob the vault you should come at night. If you want to do it during office hours get yourself a number slip! Is that so hard, old man? How dare you talk to me like that? I won the lottery and. I’m here to collect my money! What do you take me for, brat! Don’t you know who I am? Don’t you yell at me! Hey, old man! Suppose.. Even if you were the President of this country. You still gotta take a number slip and wait for your turn! Wait to be called for service..
Sweet mother of Jesus!! Mr. President!
Mr. President has won the lottery! Manager, bring out his money! Yes, sir! Security, escort him, now!
Everyone, Mr. President has won the lottery!
I can’t go there myself.
Everybody knows who she is.
the moment he collects the money.
It’s not a crime for a President to win the lottery! You’re a citizen the same as anyone else. I am, right? You said you’d donate it all to a good cause. You gave your word.
It’s always the mouth! You can always take it back.
It’s natural for a politician to change his mind. You have a point. Everything you stood for and the integrity of your government will go down the drain. Give up the money. But, it’s 24 billion Won.
20-what? Why didn’t you tell me earlier? What’s there to think about? Just eat dirt and take the money! 24 billion? Man.. I had no idea!
I’ll sleep on the plane tomorrow. You have to go back so soon? I’ll be back for good, next year.
Is there anything you need? Are you short of money?
The collapse must have hurt you somehow. Is it funny that I talk about money?
Can I take this? It’s my favorite picture. It was the hard times.
I was constantly on the run or imprisoned for political reasons. I was never able to pay your tuition. You were always an easy target. Ji-wook’s father never got caught even if he was with you all the time.
That’s because he backed out at all the critical moments.
On the day I arrived. I saw Ji-wook at the hospital. He hasn’t changed a bit. He is just as stubborn as his old man. Do you want to see him? Pardon?
No, why would I? I’ll get some sleep.
You boys are dead ‘cuz this round is mine!
Chef Jang, do we have some soju? I’m not sure if it’s okay to drink, sir. You only just got out of the hospital.
Have a drink. No, sir.. Thank you.
No one.. We were just playing to kill time but I was about to win big when you came in. It was a double round.
I don’t know the rules.
Of course!
Looking back at life, I’ve never had fun. Why would you think that?
Suppose, one day, a ton of money fell out of sky. Pardon? Say, while you’re going your way about 20 billion Won fell on you from out of nowhere and no one knows about it because it was a quiet alley. What would you do?
If that much money fell on me I would die. What? If that sort of money fell on me from the sky it would break my neck the moment it hit. It would kill most people on the spot.
Even if you survived.. there’s no one around to help you. So, you’d probably die after a few painful minutes.
You’re right. That’s what would happen. If money fell on you from the sky. You’d die without getting any help. Because there is no one around. That’s the right answer. “You die”.
it is our duty and privilege to keep with the proud and noble beliefs of the patriotic martyrs.
I sincerely ask you to understand and approve the decision that I and this government have made regarding the Independences Day special pardons of the two former Presidents. We must end the vicious circle of conflict rooted in political and geographical differences. We must unite in peace and work together for a better tomorrow. I believe today’s decision will mark the beginning of a triumphant new chapter.
That was the end of the speech I prepared for today. But, I have another short announcement to make.
Not long ago, there was a launch of a new sports lottery. Everyone at the event including myself, took part by entering. This isn’t part of a report on operations. But, I’ll make an honest confession before you all today. I won the jackpot.
The winning numbers. 6, 8, 0, 2, 1, 9. It’s the date I proposed to my wife.
24.4 billion. It’s the kind of money that I would never even dream about. I’ve decided to donate the prize money to a scholarship foundation to help less fortunate youngsters with their studies. I’ve never lived as a rich man. So, I lack ideas as to how to spend this money wisely.
If my decision, which I believe to be the only right one, can help young people build their dreams, It’ll be my greatest joy. And, if I may add..
If there is anyone among my predecessors who has money that doesn’t rightly belong to them. How about spending it on a good cause? Just my thought.
I’m sorry I didn’t tell you earlier. Have you lost your mind?
Huh? I mean that money.. Good Gracious! Couldn’t you have kept a half, at least? I’m at a loss for words! -Honey, I.. -Forget it! And, you proposed to me in March, not February. Was it? I’m sure it was February. Have you ever seen cherry blossoms in February?
You’re right. It was during the blossom season. So, it was March.
say that I want to keep the money? And, be a national laughing stock? I could say. I’ll keep the money and give up the pension. Can you not talk for a moment, Mr. President?
I do solemnly swear that I will faithfully execute the Office of President of the Republic of Korea and will to the best of my ability, preserve, protect and defend the Constitution of the Republic of Korea. President of Republic of Korea, Cha Ji-wook.
The initial detection was made at 21:00 by the Combined Forces Command and we received the report at 23:05. How come we are the last to know about tensions taking place in our waters.
Maritime command is still in the hands of Pacific Command, sir. Mr. President, it’s the White House.
Very slim, sir. Not even a little?
Good morning Mr. President. I’m sorry but it’s nighttime, here. Shit! I forgot. I just received the report.
Of course, hours later than you.
We will be having an NSA meeting in a few hours and of course our conclusion will be reacting strongly against it. If congress approves, we will be moving our 7th fleet. Shouldn’t we think about the cause first? Pardon?
Japan has moved their missile base to the Northwest to protect the trajectory. And in the name of training, they have focused their Maritime Force on North Korea and in our territorial waters.
As you know, without prior consent from the concerning countries a military activity of this kind can be deemed an act of provocation. Japan would’ve anticipated this reaction. Don’t you think it’s weird that Japan is knowingly creating tension?
We don't have time to think about such thing, Mr. President.
but a military conflict. by all means, when congress approves, the Republic of Korea will have to open up both air space and its territorial waters.. According to the plan..
enters our air and waters, then, so will the Japanese. Self-Defense Force, right? Be rational about this..
We demanded the Japanese clear out by an official letter. In a worst case scenario, you should be prepared to get China involved. The simplest solution would be to convince North Korea. If they withdraw, we can untangle this problem. A more urgent issue at hand is the upcoming general election. You should really pay more attention.
Approval ratings dropped again?
Water, please?
Diplomatic tension with Japan is creating unrest among the public.
And, the party is grieving about the lack of support on your part. So..?
Are you asking me to put on a show or something for ratings?
Things are not looking good. We cannot afford to lose to the Opposition.
the Korean government.. isn’t actively dealing with the recent episode.. of provocation by the North Korean military.
You seem to be mistaken. I have summoned you here, Ambassador! Not for your opinion or a chit-chat, were triggered by Japan’s military action. Do you understand?
But, it’s a.. legitimate.. Please speak in Japanese. You have a translator. Wouldn’t it be easier? Why sweat it? -Just speak in Japanese. -Should I go home? I’m sorry.
Take a seat. This training was a legitimate military activity. We never violated foreign territories and acted under approval from the Pacific Command.
Do you take me for an idiot?!
The Maritime Force intruded into our waters 3 times while relocating to the northwest and the standoff area is conventionally prohibited from military activities. You know that, don’t you? This is not military training but a military action and it’s a natural reaction for North Korea which works in favor of your government. Because such military tension will raise concerns for national security and stirred-up public sentiment will pave the way for legislation of the. New National Security Law that the right wing government always wanted. Isn’t that so?
What’s the matter? Lost for words? I’m so sorry but you spoke too fast..
Don’t take the Korean government for a fool.
We may have a humiliating history but we don’t do humiliating politics.
We’d better wrap it up for today.
Could you put the blind up? Thank you!
The night view was spectacular with all the bright lights on bridges and buildings. I’m flattered. Thank you. Why would you be? It’s not like you built them.
You cannot take an emotional approach with Japan. Because that’s what they want. They want to make an issue out of the current crisis.
We’re telling them to stay out of our waters, telling them to stop pointing missiles at our country. In case they’re having wild ideas about our people again, we’re telling them we’re pissed off
and that we won’t blankly stare like the Americans or the South Koreans. Are you saying you’re prepared to go war? Who are you? I’m the Chief of National Intelligence. But then, when you dropped a missile in Japanese waters or pressed on with plans to launch satellites, the surrounding countries passed over in silence. Because we wanted to prevent war, at all costs. And, you are..? I’m the Secretary of National Security. Did you invite me over to gang up on me? What do you mean gang up on you? Listen!
It was the same back in ’94 and ’08 when the Americans pushed us over. We have never changed our position because we’re not Afghans playing with popguns in caves. Or some tiny banana republic in Africa or Central America that sprouts up and disappears.
Are you scared of war, Mr. President?
that I’m scared of. First is needles. Second is when my little son raises his hand with a question.
candlelight vigils.
We’ll go to war if it’s necessary.
Now, you have to trust us.
No, trust me, Cha Ji-wook. I’ll prove to you that a solid government and good politicians are stronger than a million troops.
Han Kyung-ja, the former Minister of Law. She’s a good card. She could be a breath of fresh air temporarily. But, are we ready for a female president? A publicity stunt for the election, clearly. You think so?
Why am I going to the market?
To get a sense of public sentiment. I would like to thank my fellow candidates. Hang on.. That woman there..
It’s Professor Kim E-yeon, daughter of the former President Kim. She was scouted as the counsel for foreign policy.
They seem to be a good match. Do you know her?
What? Not really..
Our fathers were friends. She could have come on the scene earlier.
But, she kept a low profile until her father’s term ended. Smart.. really.
She’s also the spokesperson.
Well, anything sounds better when it comes out of a beauty. But, too hasty.
some congratulatory flowers for Ms. Han? I already have, sir.
Do you think I should send something for Professor Kim, too? What do you think?
I have that arranged, too.
It’s the easiest and surest way. You believe what you see. I should be making policy for people. Eating rice cake in the market won’t make any changes.
That’s a good idea. Why didn’t I think of that? Rice cake..
and, throw in some fish balls and sausages. It’ll make it all the more realistic if you actually eat something.
This is really good! -Hello, big fella! -
Mr. President! Mr. President! Please save my father!
He needs your kidney! Please look at me, sir! Mr. President!!
The events of this afternoon is an example of the misguided belief widely spread in our society that things can be achieved with a loud voice. Foreign press have reported today’s incident as an act of a mentally deranged man. The President was safe however and according to the police Investigation,
According to eyewitness accounts, the President threw himself to the ground before his guards surrounded him. If what the attacker pulled out of his jacket was not a banner but a gun, we could have lost the most agile President in history. That crazy bastard! How can he be so quick?
I’ll get axed for this, right? -Vice Chief! -Sir.
Congratulations, man!
Don’t say that, sir.
Regarding today’s incident, wrap it up as swiftly as possible. A reprimand of some sort for security will be unavoidable. It’s become a bit of an issue. It’s late. Let’s get some rest. I’m tired.
Excuse me?
The transplant, sir.
Mr. Moon!
Now the entire country knows it.
A young man begged the President to save his father and only the President can save him. What would the public think?
with an operation. Just the gesture.
The President was willing to help but due to medical complications.. We’ll get the message across.
It’s a perfect idea.
If we pull this off, it could turn the situation around completely. What the public wants to see is the humane side of the President.
Young-cheol!
Come on, Ji-wook!
I’m asking you as a friend.
Politics is a show. That’s what we learned.
Let’s put on a show, just once.
Your name is Kim Joo-joong? Yes, sir. How old are you?
Twenty.. Twenty two, sir.
No, actually.. I’m on leave of absence.
I’m not here to punish you. I just wanted to talk to you.
There’s been some drama in my life recently. This was by far the best.
It happens when I’m nervous. Sorry. That’s okay. It’s a physiological reaction.
when I was about your age.
Mr. Cha Myung-soo MP, right? Not many young people know about him. I read his memoir..
and saw a documentary on him, too. There was a lot of talk about you.
about the mole on the bottom, and two vortices on your scalp.
and that I have a rare tissue type. Yes, I learned all that from the book.
Well, I came here to apologize. It’s not final but matching blood type and DNA tissue.. doesn’t mean I qualify as a donor. Also, being President of a country.. it’s not my personal decision.
But, you achieved so many things by fighting opposition and proved that your belief was right. Sit down, young man.
He doesn’t have much time. Please.. I beg you.
I’m really sorry.
Was there really no alternative to me?
For a tissue compatibility test.
The chance of a match is miniscule. The test will be it.
At 1930, a plan of operation was served. By 0800 tomorrow, a regiment from the 7th fleet will pass the East Sea and reach the standoff point located at 220km off the Northeast Sea. Japan’s Maritime Self-Defense Force is included in the regiment? That’s right.
This is the standoff point. It’s in international waters 120 km from our territorial waters. North Korea dispatched 1 Najin-class commodore, 3 Yugo-class frigates, and a maritime sniper brigade. Japan’s Maritime Self-Defense Force has mobilized the 3rd Maizuru convoy and have the 4th and 8th covoy on standby.
Why is Korea so small on the map? Pardon me?
I mean on that map.. Isn’t it actually bigger than that?
If we don’t open up our waters, what happens next?
The White House will call and play the wartime command card. I’ll tell them the current situation isn’t critical. And, then? Following more discussions.. You’ll buy some time. Three days left, right?
If we prove to the North Koreans that they can trust us,
We must carefully weigh the gains and losses. The American President and the Republicans won’t be happy but we can prevent a war.
Also, we can stop the legislation of Japan’s New Self-Defense Law and improve our relationship with the North. Much more to gain than to lose.
No.. Everything is okay. What do you mean a war will break out?
Test results are already in? Couldn’t they wait a few more days?
if you give me a few minutes. That’s okay.
I felt like instant noodles. This kimchi is amazing.
You made it yourself?
Usually, I do. But, we ordered ready-made this time.
and asked me a question. He says he’s in love with someone but doesn’t know what to do.
Kids these days are unbelievable.
So, what did you tell him?
So, I told him.. If you really love that person, love your daddy first, then, she’ll love you, too. That doesn’t make sense.
It doesn’t, does it? -Use this. -Thank you.
but I think I had a similar conversation with my father. If you really love someone.. No, that’s not what he said. If you really want to love, and save this country, Look after the hungry kid next door, first.
How did I reply to that?
but I don’t think it had what you said after, in the book.
One time, an old man came to me, and asked me. If, while you were busy running around trying to make a better country, your neighbor’s child dies of starvation. Have you really saved the country?
You’re right.
I think that’s what he said. So, if you really love your mum and dad, you must love a friend who’s in a less fortunate situation. If you do, it’s same as loving your own mum and dad and loving this country.
the crazy idea, at this crucial time? Look at the mess you made. The idea was to make a gesture. I honestly didn’t expect this result.
Do you know how scared he is of needles? Mr. President is here.
I believe this morning’s unscheduled statement gave rise to concerns and questions for fellow Koreans watching this program. Early this morning,
this government made a decision to turn down the U.S.’s request for military cooperation.
The decision is consistent with our principles of prioritizing national security and maintaining self-reliant peace in Asia.
It is also a manifestation of our will to solidify trust with North Korea.
Despite the grave importance of this matter, time was of the essence in reaching a decision which will be reviewed by the Assembly later. Today’s decision which entails the risk of diplomatic friction with the U.S. is a manifestation of our concern over the military expansion of Japan.
on another decision I made.
Two days ago, a young man came to me to save his father. He believed that only I could save the life of his father and that wasn’t far from the truth.
I would like to announce to my fellow Koreans and my loyal staff, a decision I believe to be the best I could reach has been made. In a few hours, I will undergo an operation to transplant one of my kidneys
the same rare tissue structure as me, who is teetering on the verge of life and death.
During the six-hour operation and the following few days of recovery, the entire cabinet will do their best to ensure the smooth running of state affairs. It is my belief that if I can’t save the life of one man who needs my help, I cannot be the President for millions.
Will I need general anesthesia, for the procedure? How is it done?
Through oral administration?
It’s usually administered by injection. I see.. well..
Letting you be in a dangerous place without my escort.
You’re sharing a life with me. Please live your half of our life to the fullest, for me.
If you love your mum and dad,..
What should I do? You mean, Jung-ho’s daughter E-yeon? Why do you like her?
You want me to tell her for you?
No! -E-yeon! -Stop it, dad! -Ji-wook is in love with you! -Don’t!
The North Koreans withdrew their troops and, agreed to accept our terms of negotiation with Japan.
No, I mean the transplant. Was it successful?
We would like to express our support for the government’s diplomatic decision.. The government shall need to discuss the potential diplomatic friction and other related issues on a pan-national level. Also, we’d like to express our utmost respect for the President’s noble decision and, wish a fast recovery.
I made some porridge with scallops. It’s not seasoned so, if it’s too bland.. Chef!
You know when my father told me to look after a hungry kid next door. I remembered how I replied. Sir?
I told him..there was no next door to us.
It rose by almost 10% and, the party’s overall rating by 5%.
you don’t really need to worry about this but.. there’s a man at the Hangang Bridge causing a fuss asking for a liver transplant from you
which is totally absurd, of course!
But then, if you gave away that, too. You could probably change the Constitution. Besides, you’re still young and fit. Mr. President! Come on, man! He can do it for one man but not for me? It’s the moment of truth.
“The choice of the Nation”. At a 95% confidence level, and a sampling error of plus or minus 1% we give you the exit poll results.
With 58.3% of the vote, Han Kyung-ja of United Democrats is likely to secure a victory. Han Kyung-ja of United Democrats won 14,350,000 votes out of the 25,100,000 cast, taking 57.1% of the total votes. Women’s interest groups
welcomed the result with excitement and resolution for change. Presidential elect Han promised to rein in property speculation, and push for tax and educational reform
from the beginning of her campaign. Two three.. and. One two three, One two three, one two three.. one two three.. Is this really necessary for your birthday? It’s useful to know how to dance. You’ll need it for foreign guests. Hey, what’s on the schedule today?
You have a visit to an orphanage called Home of Love and a rally commemorating. “Housewives’ Day”.
No, I mean my wife’s schedule. And, why do I have to attend a “Housewives’ Day” event? Well.. Can you not refer to me as “wife” in public? It’s been over a year now. Is it still so difficult? Well, you’re not my husband.
Shall we wrap up for today? Yes, ma’am.
It would be safe to assume that the eco-system issue is cleared for “Area A”. I’d rather be the scent of a flower than the flower itself. A scent called a housewife. A scent that makes a flower more beautiful
Yeah, I can talk now.. Really? Was it tomorrow? Hang on.. let me check my schedule. I have something but I’ll definitely come by. Is “Jellyfish” and “Optimus Prime” coming, too? Great! I’ll be there. We’ve got to see each other when we still can. It’s not what you think.. It’s bad karma. Still 4 more years left
unless she gets impeached or something.
We are covered for everything?
Well, the Assembly.. The Opposition’s resistance is stronger than anticipated. Tax hikes are always a sensitive issue. There is even a talk of red-baiting.
a left wing government? Sorry, ma’am. This is the single most important policy of this government. If we fail to enact this bill, Korea will fall behind for another 10 years. We’ve got to be firm. We have two more days. Let’s give it our best shot. Yes, ma’am.
Aren’t you coming to bed? It’s late. It’s a statement I’m issuing tomorrow. I’ve got to familiarize myself with it. What’s this?
It’s nothing.
Get some sleep.
Okay..
My old buddies are getting together tomorrow. Do you mind if I go? Please! We talked about this before. You’re not a private person any more. Can’t you refrain from attending personal schedules? I wouldn’t have asked if it wasn’t important. How do they know your number anyway? How would they? I called them to say hello.
All right.. Good night!
A hundred pigs and ten cows. I can still do it! Watch me do it! Let’s go to your place for more drinks! Tell your wife to prepare some food. How dare you ask the President to prepare your drinks? You’ll get lock up. No problem! I’ll call my wife. Let’s all go to my place for more drinks! Madam President! Tell my wife to come out. Don’t embarrass me in front of my buddies. Are these your guards? That’s Security One. That’s Two.. I don’t see Three.. Hey, Three! -Get Three to come out. - Yes, sir. Are you armed with guns and grenades? Shoot me! I’m Optimus Prime. My limbs are made of steel. Go ahead, shoot me! Stay away. Call the Residence.
Tell her that Blue House is under attack from Optimus Prime. These are your guards, right? Shoot me if you dare!
Near Jongro, ma’am. Why didn’t you escort him back before he got so drunk?
Chang-myun!
Look at me!
He’s taking a leak! Let go of me, punk!
I’ll never ever drink again. I prepared a French-style breakfast for Madam President and some traditional fish soup for you, Professor. It’ll help you ease the hangover.
this morning. It was an unauthorized cell phone.
I took the call.. It asked me if I needed an urgent loan. Should the President of Korea be receiving calls like that? They just call random numbers.
“No interest for the first month,” right? I got similar calls a few times.
What an annoying bunch!
That’s not the point of this!
You lied to me! Are you a spy?
No one else carries private cell phones in the Blue House. I’m sorry.
But, I have a personal life outside of my duty. I normally have it switched off and only use it in special cases.. I got rid of it.
What?
I got rid of the phone. Good for you.. I still have 6 months on the contract but, never mind.
- Hello! -Look, who’s here! How are you?
Good. He’s grown so big. Have you been busy?
Not so much.
You drove here by yourself? I haven’t done it in years.. It was great.
that government provided? I’m grateful for the pension.
Why waste money on building a new house? You’re so stubborn.
How’s the preparation for the policy institute going? I decided to put it on hold for now. It’s only been a year since the handover. It could be a little too soon. I’m thinking of continuing with my studies.
It’s good to hear that.
I was worried you might open a gym.
How’s life as a single dad?
Isn’t this..? Chef Jang has them sent over every now and then.
In the name of providing good education, parents go through tough competitions.. What’s with her hair? Why do women in politics have that same bouffant hairdo? A bright red suit? Like a firefighter.
Her skin looks great. Well, she gets the best facials. They have beauticians in the Residence? Yeah.. I got one every other day. How come I never got one?
Maybe it was new from my term.
Well, I got them. What?! That wretched Chief of Staff.. Can we watch some TV? You don’t care now that your terms are over? Shame on you. The Special Administrative City Law that this government wants to enact entails moving the capital into..
He doesn’t talk rubbish.
If this is true, she’s headed directly for impeachment. Have they lost their minds? You know I’m the best hit man in the Opposition. Let’s strike while the iron is hot. We can get this in tomorrow’s morning editions. Isn’t it her birthday, tomorrow? This will be the biggest surprise.
Is Chef Jang here?
Over here, sir.
Good morning, sir!
-Are we all set? -Yes, sir.
We'll look into it right away, ma'am.
Here she comes! Everyone in their positions! As practiced.. And, one.. Happy birthday to you.. Happy birthday to you.. Happy birthday Madam President.. Have you lost your mind?!!
for relocation of the capital, was it all but a part of her real estate speculation scheme? This is the true face of Han’s government. It’s beyond outrageous. How can we trust a government under corrupt leadership. Is it worth keeping this government? We must put it to the people. I really didn’t know! All I wanted was to raise pigs and cows there when we retire.
What are they building there?! God damn it!
At the Residence, sir.
The Opposition will initiate a motion for impeachment at the Assembly..
Mr. Choi went out for some air.
You must act as normally as possible especially at times like this.
If you don’t, they will bite down harder on us.
It’s not all that exciting to celebrate a birthday, at my age. I would like to thank all of you who came to congratulate me and apologize for what you must ‘ve heard on the news this morning. It was a nasty surprise for me, too. As the President, I feel that I am solely responsible for what happened. Today, my husband was going to dance with me on stage but, he wasn’t feeling very well..
it’s my husband, Choi Chang-myun.
-Are you okay? -Yeah.
I’m the presidential spouse, Choi Chang-myun. I’m sorry I’m late.
Today is the birthday of my dear wife and our President.
It should have been a day of happiness and celebration but because of me, it was one of the worst days in her life.
I had a dream of retiring to a farm with my wife. So, I bought a small ranch with my life savings. I had no idea it would turn out to be such a disaster.
I just sold off the land.
Looking back, this wasn’t the first time. I failed to provide the support she needs for carrying out her duties as President. I regret so much only adding to her burdens. And, it makes me realize that I probably won’t change as a person.
So, I made a small resolution and, felt I should announce it before I have a change of heart.
I thought of you in the old days and I got choked up. You are as beautiful now as you have ever been.
It’s not possible for me to be with you and live as a presidential spouse.
What's going on? What did he say?
I’m so sorry.
It’s an emergency! A crisis! No, not a crisis either.
For the first time in the history of Korea, a sitting President may get divorced during her presidential term. This afternoon’s statement by Professor Choi was his sole decision which he hopes, will allow the President to devote herself to her presidential duties. Lawyers for Democratic Society has volunteered to represent Professor Choi.. The public points finger of blame at the Opposition..
It’s backfiring on us. Who did you hit, the President or her husband?
This is an opportunity for us. A President with a family crisis! She’s as vulnerable as can be. Look at the survey results. Public reaction is contrary. They think we’re responsible for the President’s divorce. Don’t you know what she represents to the people? To the public, she’s the mother-, wife- and daughter-in-law figure. The Mother Mary, Korea’s Joan of Arc and Cleopatra..
Maybe not the Cleopatra.. Is it not? Did I say Cleopatra? The point is..
The opposition seems to be worried about taking the blame. Has she made up her mind about a divorce? “President sacrificing her marriage for the sake of her duties”.. Not bad.
Professor Choi has been a ticking time-bomb. Maybe she’s better off without him. Have you ever been through a divorce? No, I’m happily married. I went through with it twice. When was the second time? The first time was not in the record. You think a divorce will allow you to focus better on your job? Who should be handling the matter anyway? The personnel affairs? How come? It goes under political affairs. What? Definitely not the foreign policy.
Leave me out of this. How can you let this happen?
You know what dad’s like! What about me?
Are you blaming me for what he has done? But, you know how hard it has been for him. Before being one man’s wife, I’m the President of this country. How can I do my job if I have family troubles to worry about. If he can’t put up with it.. then, we have no choice. -Please mother.. -He started it all. Even if he comes back, things won’t change for the better.
Suit yourself, Madam President.
I loved him with all my heart. However, since taking office, I found loving someone as a private person a very difficult task. Today, I’m mustering up the courage to make an announcement about a decision I made.
I decided to remain by myself as your President, not as a wife to a..
What’s with the humiliating tone? Am I begging for sympathy for a poor divorcée? What’s with “tears” in brackets? You want me to cry here? Today, I stand before you as your President, not a wife to a man.. Like this?
I’m sorry, ma’am.
We’ve never dealt with this kind of situation.. Should the President present herself at the court for divorce?
For formalities..
And other things like alimony.. She is praised as the mother figure of the 21st century. And now, she’s fallen a victim of a political snare thanks to the Opposition.
Although he claimed an innocent coincidence, he did buy land awaiting major development. Please, let’s use some common sense here. The President’s husband bought the land in his own name so that the world will know when he makes a huge profit out of it? A five-year-old would laugh at that. Well, he just did that laughable thing. Are you listening to what I’m saying? It’s not us that’s funny but the way you people think. Some claim that the President has made up her mind about the divorce. Nothing has been decided. Please be careful with the wording. Our society places great value on family, which is why the public is so concerned. They say “Cultivate body, order family then, make peace for the world”. People are concerned as to whether or not she’ll be able to carry out her duties without the support of a solid family behind her.
It’s funny you should say that. The former President Cha was a wifeless father. Did he ever have solid family support behind him? A wifeless father?!
Did you just refer to the former President as a “wifeless father?” Are you trying to insult the former head of state? What uneducated absurdity?
How dare you talk to me like that? How old are you? Why are you asking me my age? We were in the same class in college. How old I am is how old you are! I failed my entrance exams twice. That’s fantastic! Well done for re-taking your exams! You must be really proud! Are you mocking me? You have just insulted the 200,000 students nationwide that are re-taking exams. What did I ever say about them? I’m talking about you! Take your words back this moment or I’ll see to it that you pay for it. I can’t and I won’t!! Make a public apology right this moment!
No books or TV or talking on the phone while eating your dinner, okay?
I hope I’m not interrupting you at a busy time.
I have a favor to ask. Would you be willing to give a lecture for my students? I’ll check my schedule.
This morning, the President invited her two predecessors, the former Presidents Kim and Cha, to a luncheon at the Blue House and discussed the main objectives and pending issues of her government.
I studied politics at university like yourselves and served as the President until last year
in case, some of you didn’t know.
You parted with your wife quite early and served your term without the support of a First Lady. I think you might have hopes of meeting someone special again. Did you meet that special person during your tenure?
That’s class A confidentiality.
Tell us! Tell us!
On many occasions, I felt lonely. Even if I had the best advisers and was surrounded by people who had faith in me. There were times I wanted to be in love again
to have that special feeling for someone. But, I found that as a President, it’s difficult to love one person only.
to love, cherish and respect one person.
So, I gave it up. And now, I regret giving it up so much. I had lunch with President Han this afternoon. As you know,
she is going through a tough time at the moment. I told her what I learned from my experience. To be President for one person when it comes to a certain moment.
having regrets later on.
Don’t flatter me.
It’s getting chilly.
It happens when I’m nervous.
I haven’t cooked in years. Mr. Choi is a good cook. He made food here?
Time to time, ma’am. On your birthday, it was Mr. Choi who made your birthday soup. So typical of him. How come you’re not married?
My youngest is going to college this year. Excuse me! Why did I think you weren’t married.. Please forgive me. That’s okay. I get that from time to time.
Pardon?
How are things at home?
I don’t go home much but still, it’s great.
A President could make her people happy, even if she isn’t happy herself, couldn’t she? The President doesn’t necessarily have to be happy to make the lives of people better, right? I may be wrong but I believe.. just as a President wishes that all her people are happy, everyone wants their President to be happy. Not a single person would want the President to be miserable. You think so?
That’s what people want. It would be nice if the President devoted herself to making the people happy but people who have a miserable President cannot be truly happy. Koreans are good people, A lot more so than you might think.
I’m only a cook but I know that much.
You know I had lunch with the two former Presidents. They both told me to pay a visit here, when faced with a dilemma that I cannot solve by myself. Now I can see what they meant. Thank you.
Where can she be at this hour? She’s not at the Residence.
Sir,
I received a report that she just left the main gate. What are you talking about?
Sir!
The main gate!
Right! The main gate!
Don’t get in the way you idiots!
Why did you let her pass by herself? Would she go grocery shopping at this hour, dumbass?
Sorry, sir!
disappear in the middle of the night? We were just chatting about happiness and other things.. While picking anchovy guts? What are you talking about? God, this is annoying! Turn on the GPS. Have a chopper locate the vehicle. It’s the Blue House.
I’m the Chief of Security.
We know where she is headed.
Give them a call, too. Put me on! Chief Joo? This is the Chief of Personnel. Don’t have her pull over in the city. We can’t let anyone see her. Don’t let the press find out, no matter what! Escort her out of the city, okay?
Where’s the next bottle neck point? An-sung Intersection, sir.
Stop the vehicle before she enters the intersection. And, set up a road block in E7.
I’m sorry but this is a personal matter. I assumed from the direction you were heading.
It’s appropriate to use the official escort for this. Please let me take the wheel, ma’am.
I don’t need an escort.
I won’t be long. Your driver’s license has expired. Would you like me to call you a cab?
Destination is Madam President’s in-laws’.
You drove here. Why are you out of breath?
Mind your own ticket.
Let me see what you got. Don’t look at mine. Focus on yours. You have a lovely temper! “6” is a good number. Says who? I hope I win the jackpot this time. It’s not easy I know because I’ve done it before. You’ll give it all away again? I’ll keep it all for myself.
People think that Presidents are special people. Of course, they are not wrong in thinking that. But, what we often forget is that at certain moments, they are someone’s husband, wife or parent. Their joy, sadness and happiness is not all that different from our own.
If an old President comes over for a drinks, or a President who has given up smoking asks for a cigarette. In the early morning,
when he greets you with hello we say to him with a big smile, “Good morning, President!”